ex3buf      - Mode-X triple buffering and retrace interrupt simulation.
ex3d.pp     - Simple 3D demo.
exalpha     - Creating and using 32 bit RGBA sprites.
exblend.pp  - How to use the translucency functions in truecolor video modes.
excamera.pp - Viewing a 3D world from an arbitrary camera position.
excolmap.pp - Creating graphical effects with color mapping tables.
exconfig.pp - Using the configuration routines.
excustom    - Creating custom GUI objects.
exdata.pp   - Appening datafiles onto your executable.
exdbuf.pp   - How to use double buffering to avoid flicker.
exfixed.pp  - Using fixed point maths.
exflip.pp   - How to use page flipping.
exfont      - Loading and manipulating fonts.
exgui.pp    - Using menu and dialog objects.
exhello.pp  - Simple graphical "hello world" program.
exhsvrgb.pp - Translating HSV space -> RGB values.
exjoy.pp    - How to calibrate and use joysticks and pads.
exkeys.pp   - Demonstrates how to access the keyboard.
exmem       - Drawing onto memory bitmaps and then blitting them to the screen.
exmidi      - Playing MIDI music.
exmouse.pp  - Getting input from the mouse.
expal.pp    - Palette effects and color cycling.
expat.pp    - Using patterned drawing modes and sub-bitmaps.
exquat      - A comparison between Euler angles and quaternions.
exrotscl.pp - Rotate and scale sprites.  Bitmap alpha channel.
exsample    - Playing digital samples.
exscale     - Loading PCX files and bitmap stretching.
exscn3d.pp  - Using the 3d scene functions.
exscroll    - Mode-X hardware scrolling and split screens.
exshade.pp  - Gouraud shaded sprite example.
exspline.pp - Use of spline.
exsprite.pp - Datafiles access and sprite animation.
exstars     - 3D starfield and lightsourced spaceship.
exsyscur.pp - How to use system cursors.
extimer.pp  - Using the timer (delays and interrupts).
extrans.pp  - Lighting and translucency effects.
extrans2    - Drawing flipped, translucent and tinted sprites.
extruec.pp  - Truecolor pixel format conversions.
exxfade     - Truecolor image loading and fades.
exzbuf.pp   - Another 3D demo.

lazarus/    - How to use Allegro.pas inside Lazarus applications.
