ex3buf      - Mode-X triple buffering and retrace interrupt simulation.
ex3d        - Simple 3D demo.
exalpha     - Creating and using 32 bit RGBA sprites.
exblend     - How to use the translucency functions in truecolor video modes.
excamera    - Viewing a 3D world from an arbitrary camera position.
excolmap    - Creating graphical effects with color mapping tables.
exconfig    - Using the configuration routines.
excustom    - Creating custom GUI objects.
exdata      - Appening datafiles onto your executable.
exdbuf      - How to use double buffering to avoid flicker.
exfixed     - Using fixed point maths.
exflip      - How to use page flipping.
exfont      - Loading and manipulating fonts.
exgui       - Using menu and dialog objects.
exhello     - Simple graphical "hello world" program.
exhsvrgb    - Translating HSV space -> RGB values.
exjoy       - How to calibrate and use joysticks and pads.
exkeys      - Demonstrates how to access the keyboard.
exmem       - Drawing onto memory bitmaps and then blitting them to the screen.
exmidi      - Playing MIDI music.
exmouse     - Getting input from the mouse.
expal       - Palette effects and color cycling.
expat       - Using patterned drawing modes and sub-bitmaps.
exquat      - A comparison between Euler angles and quaternions.
exrotscl    - Rotate and scale sprites.  Bitmap alpha channel.
exsample    - Playing digital samples.
exscale     - Loading PCX files and bitmap stretching.
exscn3d     - Using the 3d scene functions.
exscroll    - Mode-X hardware scrolling and split screens.
exshade     - Gouraud shaded sprite example.
exspline    - Use of spline.
exsprite    - Datafiles access and sprite animation.
exstars     - 3D starfield and lightsourced spaceship.
exswitch    - Controlling the console switch mode for background running.
exsyscur    - How to use system cursors.
extimer     - Using the timer (delays and interrupts).
extrans     - Lighting and translucency effects.
extrans2    - Drawing flipped, translucent and tinted sprites.
extruec     - Truecolor pixel format conversions.
exxfade     - Truecolor image loading and fades.
exzbuf      - Another 3D demo.

lazarus/    - How to use Allegro.pas inside Lazarus applications.
